# Member Meeting Minutes (MMMMM <MEETING_NUMBER_SEE_PREVIOUS_MEETING_MINUTES>)
#### Date: <Monday 3rd september>
#### Location: Hacman, Wellington House
#### Minutes taken by <BunnyGirl>
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HACManchester/Branding/master/Logos/PNG/126/hackspace-dgrey.png)
## Agenda 
The last minute were approved
### Standing Items
* Reports from teams
  * Board
  3 new board members for 12 hours, ex board memebrs say lots of sign ups pending. Bob will go over the MCP system and set it up. 
  * Craft
  the desk is a waste of sapce and needs to go, too dirty in there. 
  * Laser
  someone train Ian to maintain laser, it has been cleaned and sorted. Needs emergency stops. 
  * 3D Print
  needs recalibrating again. ask Greg if an evening can be sceduled when they can be trained on maintaining the 3D printer.
  * Documentation
  HA! Wiki is still shit. Garlicbread's Wiki is still there. 
  * Procurement
    snackspace runs dine and need to be able to get more runs done to different places. Debate on pruchasing things without consensus. print a spreadsheet and the revew it regularly. also the procurements emails need to be stramilned into one, have google preadsheet linked to wiki. We want a Llama and and aardvark. 
  * Electrical
    Emergency lights installed. 
  * Events
    MOSI needs to be pestered as well as Derby. Event@hacman needs to be set up and sent to mailbox. Team events google calendar/events list to be set up in the forum. do a catch-up in the froum.  
  * Social
   More members on team social. Facebook works and we have control of Instagram, as well as having a Linkedin account. Accounts need to be audited and maybe edited out. 
  * Wood
  Wood lathe tobe bolted down and the risk assements needs to be apporves and then printed. bench saw needs to have guard reattached. 

### Member Submitted Items
* <>
Dicussions need to be openened up on issues and agendas. Request for the agenda to be put on the forum to allow easier questions/discussions/updates/new members. Number of Monthly member meeting attendees (tally count) needs to be put on the forum. Monthly updates could be sent via opt-in Email news letter, the fisrt one is to me announced on telegram and forum, stickers and posters with the option to join if they wish to. 

Open Evening hours. Hours to be changed from 6-10PM to become 6.30-9.30?

Infrastructure. There is a member's run "team infrastructure" to take on MCP, hackcess, main website etc. Put together a plan for if the worst and to have a goal to have things to be done as well as allow access to servers. 

review the implications of a board member being named COC violations and the feeling of the members ability to depend on the board. There need to be a minimum time commitment for what the board can give to the space. This requires further chat and exploration. Warnings to members should not be public knowledge it should be between the board and the member. Reviews of the structure of the board, COC and the constitution as well as a 5 year plan for the hackspace of how the space operates needs to be had with members and the board. 

Space Pi, not looked at any other venues, we have not seen anywhere. Applications have been made but not replied to. If anyone sees suitable spaces feel free to send a link to the hackspace, would be good to reconsider railway arches. 

Funding and gifts and donations. Would be good to get sponsorships form Sainsburys and look into further proposal tmeplates to potential sponsors. Hosting a Hackathon would be good to consider in the future. 

Training to be looked into with regards to training programmes being set up and organised between the various teams about training and maintainence, if we have a memeber in that is able to use But not maintain the machine they should not need to have inductions. Trust in the competence needs to be establised and the "do nots" need to be listed and set up by the machine. Apply common sense to things and have a list to sign that states they are competent in the machine they are using before they use it. The induction status needs to depend on how dangerous the item is that you are wanting to use. 
